---
title: A Change of Pace
date: 2021-02-28
---

The purpose of the news section of Lorehunt is intended to be a place where I can talk about the creative process for my Lorehunt essays. I envisioned it being the place where I could more casually share observations about the Lore community, my process, or provide shout-outs to other content creators.

I did not intend it to be a place to talk about my personal life. That said, personal circumstances frequently affect the creative process. And so I would like to share just a little about what has happened the last month that slowed down this essay.

My day job is as a software engineer. Six months ago, I was moved to a new team. It was not a good fit. In some ways, that’s probably how Lorehunt came about. When I am not satisfied at work, I tend to write a lot more. It provides a sense of purpose and accomplishment for me. However, this also means that for the majority of my week, I am feeling unproductive, unaccomplished, and dissatisfied. Over the last month, I have been seeking out new opportunities, and I believe I have found a new team with values more similar to my own.

However, the process has left me somewhat mentally frazzled. I am one of those folks who identify too much with their work. I chalk this up to being one of those people who are lucky enough to like what they do. So when work isn’t going smoothly, it takes a toll on everything else in my life.

However, the thing I am most afraid of is that during this process, I have decided to take a break from my ADD medication. I feel like the extra focus sometimes had me focusing on the wrong things, and I want to see if taking a break will help me reset my brain and my focus. However, this leaves me terrified concerning the quality of my writing and all my other work.

If you’ve read this far, thank you. If you don’t mind, I would appreciate your feedback on my [latest essay](/lore/topic-003). I did intentionally try to write a shorter one (who has time to read a [7-page essay](/lore/topic-002)?). I also intentionally wrote the introduction in more of a storytelling format. Beyond those intended differences, I would love to know your thoughts on the essay. Any feedback is welcome.

“Farewell, Good Hunter. May you find your worth in the waking world.”
