---
title: A New Lore
date: 2021-01-09
---

Today marks the official launch of Lore Hunt, my site dedicated to exploring the eldritch lore of Bloodborne.

There are a few events that inspired the creation of this site. The first was an offhand comment on reddit. I can't find the comment now, but somebody made the statement that while Bloodborne was more surreal, it did not have the same depth of lore as Dark Souls. I completely disagree! Bloodborne is a story that spans multiple civilizations, dimensions, and factions -- all interconnected by blood. 

I felt that the real reason for this perception is that Bloodborne is exclusive to Playstation. As such there are less players with access to pursue the lore. This in turn affects the content creators who make a living off of generating or sharing lore. Because of the smaller audience with access to Bloodborne, these creators would get less viewers and therefor less revenue for exploring Bloodborne content. This combination of less people exploring the lore and less people sharing their findings erroneously paints a picture of a less in depth lore. Something that I have always felt needed rectified.

The second event was my recent discovery of [Hawkshaw's analysis of Dark Souls on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwjUe4B_g7M&ab_channel=Hawkshaw). Recorded five years after the release of the game, they made new discoveries that added new depth to the World of Bloodborne, and which many have accepted as canon. Although I am not the first to write about Bloodborne, that doesn't mean I won't have anything new to offer the community. 

The final catalyst was my October 2020 Return to Yharnam. During this play through I found myself frustrated with the lack of lore that existed for Bloodborne. I wanted to have a comprehensive theory to explain the actions of the Hunter I was controlling. At this point I had not heard about [Redgrave's Paleblood Hunt](https://www.reddit.com/r/bloodborne/comments/3vaq4r/the_paleblood_hunt_finalized_and_revised_with/) or [JSF](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9-nbyi4vn9jvr9NspsxQfTvthDY2uLsc). So I began my own research. I pulled out my monocular and examined everything I could find: Item descriptions in the wikis, the official strategy guide from FuturePress, and hours and hours of research, pondering, and writing. While my research is not yet complete, I felt that I should start writing down some of the conclusions I have uncovered. 

This is partially so that I don't forget, but also because I would like to start getting feedback from the lore community. I enjoy collaboration and bouncing ideas off of others. I hope that the connections I have made will lead greater connections and discoveries within the community.

In closing, I want to state from the beginning that this is by no means an attempt to define "The one true lore." There are so many great lore interpretations out there which have satisfied many a curious mind. My intent is not to discredit any of these interpretations. Nor is it my attempt to align with them. This is a stand alone thesis that is independent of any other theories.

Thank you for joining me on this journey. Let us pray it will transcend our minds into higher planes of thought.